c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.exe
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.deps.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.pdb
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BankingSystemAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BankingSystemAPI.props
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BankingSystemAPI.props
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BankingSystemAPI.props
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\BankingSystemAPI.styles.css
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingS.AFB9A489.Up2Date
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\BankingSystemAPI.dll
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.pdb
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\BankingSystemAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\pilla\OneDrive\Desktop\Banking System API\BankingSystemAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\BankingSystemAPI.dll
